Add meta descriptions to blog posts that have not been updated (#1542)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-meetup-recap-apis-custom-resources-and-github-webhooks/index.md

authors: ["aydrian-howard"]
tags: ["events"]
date: "2019-07-16"

> meta_desc: "Pulumi HQ's July meetup featured talks from our two engineers: Paul who went over how programming languages help in building the best infrastructure code by writing a simple Pulumi program to create an RDS instance, and Matt who demoed a small bot that enforced pull request policies using GitHub Webhooks and Pulumi."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Pulumi's July meetup featured talks from two key engineers: Paul reviewed how programming languages help in building the best infrastructure code and wrote a simple Pulumi program to create an RDS instance, and Matt demoed a nifty little bot that enforced pull request policies using GitHub Webhooks and Pulumi."
```
